docs: improve wording about formatter as linter (#6006)
golangci/golangci-lint: docs/content/docs/configuration/cli.md

{{< /cards >}}

> [!NOTE]

> > The formatters explicitly defined in the configuration section [`formatters`](/docs/configuration/file/#formatters-configuration) are automatically run (as linter) by the command [`golangci-lint run`](/docs/configuration/cli/#run).

Reviewer: Can we mention something around the difference between checking if the code is formatted vs. actually formatting it? Thinking similar to `ruff check` or `prettier --check`?

Maybe not perfect but you get the gist:

```suggestion
The [`golangci-lint run`](/docs/configuration/cli/#run) command executes all enabled linters and the formatters defined in [`formatters`](/docs/configuration/file/#formatters-configuration) to verify code formatting.  
> To reformat code, use `golangci-lint fmt`. To apply both formatting and linter fixes, use `golangci-lint run --fix`.
```
